# Meeting Notes
	- <span style='color: red'>Note: Notes brought up are unverified, recorded from discussion.</span>
	- ## Current Events
		- Brief ceasefire in Gaza.
			- 15 minutes before Hamas fired a missiles.
		- Dublin riot.
			- Some kids in a school in Ireland got stabbed by an immigrant.
			- Immigrant had past violent criminal history and orders to be deported.
			- Immigrant had citizenship.
	- # Nightly Topic: [[Funding of Israel, 2023 Conflict]]
		- ## Big Questions
			- Should we fund, support militarily, or remove involvement?
			- Is our current support moral?
		- ## Positions
			- From a geopolitical perspective, we need Israel as an ally in the Middle East.
			- Without support from the West, Israel may struggle to exist in a predominantly Arabic region.
			- Neither Hamas nor Israel are acting in a moral fashion.
				- Both are killing innocent civilians.
			- Our influence on Israel may be dampening their war tactics, and removing our funding may unhinge them in the war.
			- We have a large dependency on oil and gas from the Middle East. We need to keep our diplomatic relations there.
				- Israel does not provide any oil, and is an enemy of many oil producing companies.
				- They may still act as leverage in the region.
			- Since we are not directly involved militarily with this conflict, pulling out would not show as much of disloyalty to our allies as a moral stance.
		- ## Information
			- Israel receives a lot of information from the United States.
			- Israel purchases military equipment back from the US.
			- Palestine seems to be coming around to negotiations.
			- Israel may have nukes.
			- We are primarily providing monetary support to Israel,
		- ## Related Topics
			- [[Carbon Tax]]
			-